# Purpose of the document

This document explains the basic principles that the investment team at
Organic Asset Management builds upon.

# How we see the world or our thesis

Its easier to anticipate movements that happen in a second or two, but
as the time period gets larger, the error of forecasting becomes bigger
and this is problematic. Our forecast is therefore building assets under
management according to a brick by brick approach by taking small wins
during a trading period repeatedly by predicting what the market next
steps are going to be.

Our approach is based on three aspects of markets, each building on the
other. These are Auction Market theory, price action and correlations in
associated markets. Auction market theory is the study of ranges in the
price action of the auction process of a particular market. AMT is a
framework used to analyze and interpret price movements in financial
markets based on the principles of auction dynamics. It is built on the
idea that financial markets function as a continuous auction where
buyers and sellers negotiate prices based on supply and demand.

We believe that based on this interaction from buyers and sellers,
ranges are developed that give information on the likelihood of where
the next move will be. The next logical question is that, what is the
basis of determining the next move after wee a range develop. We look at
the price action as that can tell a story of how the trend may develop
with some level of probability.

What is the price action and what can it infer? First, Price action is
the study of price movement over time in financial markets. It focuses
on analyzing **historical** prices, mainly through charts, without
relying on traditional indicators. Intuitively, price action reflects
the **collective** behavior of market participants—buyers and
sellers—and how supply and demand dynamics shape price movement.

Having used a lot of historical inputs into our process, we have to
determine what affects our main assets that we continuously trade on any
given day, a coinciding indiactor or estimate that can inform wheter or
not a rally may happen in the market or we should expect the ranges to
remain for such a long period of time. For such, we use correlations in
associated markets. Take the S&P 500, which is largely made of large cap
companies. Its price action is heavily influenced buy the top companies
according to market capitalization. Therefore we could use correlations
and study price of these stocks on the bigger index.
